today I'm going to show you the perfect
fall outfit it's all about neutral
coloring and I'm so excited because it's
boot season I'm also going to tell you
my 5 favorite collaborations this summer
hey guys so as you know I love
collaborations I love working with
different artists different youtubers
different creators just because you
learn so much and it's always fun and I
think you guys like it too as you know
last month I kicked off a collaboration
with denim and supply Ralph Lauren and
what's cool about that is that you guys
get to be part of the creative process
and you can collaborate with us so this
month there's another project and this
is with artist Alexa Meade who paints
clothes and humans and she literally
makes 3d real-life stuff into
two-dimensional things it's so cool so
tell you guys a little bit more about
that project at the end of this video
but first I wanted to jump into what I'm
wearing let me know if you like this or
if you want to see more of the stuff in
the comments below first we'll start
with this necklace I actually brought
this little piece from Joanne's and just
attached it to a chain to make my own
necklace and this dress is from denim
and supply Ralph Lauren I love the
floral print and I love how flowy did
and it's like perfect for fall and since
we're just coming out of summer it's my
favorite I paired it with my favorite
boots because I feel like it makes it
really easy and makes it casual but you
could totally dress this dress up as
well and then I have to heart rings one
with the tea and one with a crisscross
bow a bracelet and my favorite watch
which is sparkly and it says love but
yeah this dress is so adorable
I love it you can pair it with anything
it makes me feel really confident and it
fits Who I am
it's me to a tee I love this outfit what
do you think so in the spirit of
collaboration and creativity I thought I
would tell you my top 5 collaborations
this summer
number one was collaborating with
Colleen aka Miranda sings I love her
videos I think she's hilarious I didn't
really know what to expect because I
hadn't met her before and she's super
cool so sweet she didn't actually get
into character till we started filming
and so I cannot keep a straight face but
I was also really
prai's because we shot that video
literally in like 20 minutes and usually
I take so much time on videos and it
taught me that you can just do things
and if it's you and you're having fun
then that's all that really matters you
don't need to spend hours and hours on
something that was one of my favorites
and I love that girl number two I came
out with my magic music video for my new
album legacy and that took so many
talented people to make that come
together we had the director we had
someone doing hair and makeup my
brother's girlfriend came and did
costumes got a choreographer and dancers
oh my gosh there's so many people on set
and it's so cool to see how so many
people can add to a project and like
bring ideas to life and I'm so excited
that you guys can find the listen to all
that music and it's also on Spotify and
iTunes now number three I got to be part
of bethany mota as summer girls night
party and i hadn't ever been like behind
the scenes of a DIY video or the
lifestyle type videos so I thought it
was super cool because you're teaching
people how to do things but you also get
to enjoy it while you're teaching them
before that I hadn't really known how
DIY videos were made and so it showed me
a different side of YouTube it was so
much fun like we literally figured out
how to make a tent out of blankets and
oh my gosh is so bad at first but we
figured it out it's just things like
that we're making memories by making a
video and I think it's awesome how like
different sides of YouTube like and
she's so sweet
like I'm so proud of everything she's
done number four I got to collaborate
with Andy Grammer and I've always loved
his music it's fun that me if we never
leave we could stay like this forever
and me so I've always loved his music so
I got to do a duet with him for his new
single that just came out
and it was just really cool being able
to kind of see like a mainstream artist
want to work with a YouTube artist it
just makes me excited for the future and
for more collaborations last but not
least number five was going to New York
City to collaborate with Ralph Lauren
and all the other amplifiers um you know
max tonight or Tess
Jen and so it's just cool because we got
to hang out and learn more about the
collaborations and how the creative
process would work for all of these
different projects so if you guys want
to collaborate and be part of this
mission all you got to do is submit a
picture of you framing your face in an
interesting and original way on
instagram with the hashtag project
warehouse and you could have the chance
to start an Alexa Meade's next living
portrait they'll fly you out to LA and
it's gonna be way cool like if you saw
that video still do that to you and
hashtag Tiffany portrait as well I'm
gonna be looking for your submissions
I'm also gonna pick my own winner and
dedicate you a song on Instagram and
sing it to you so you should go submit
so basically just using different things
to frame your vase for example here's my
picture I used weights and a jump rope
to frame my face because I love health
and fitness I love working out and so
this is something that I use every day
in my life so I'm portraying Who I am as
a person through the way I frame my face
you can learn more about Alexis mission
and shop denim and supply at the link
below if you enjoyed this video give it
a thumbs up let me know what you want to
see even more style videos if you want
more challenges because I'm open to
everything hope you guys like this video
and those are my 5 top favorite summer
collaborations I'll talk to you guys
later bye
really really no that's trippy
it's like trip ception no you guys you
guys are my best friends
I told it not to stick up and it's just
like right there it's like I don't
listen to your hairspray I don't want to
do what you're telling me to do because
you know what I won't do whatever I want
to do because I'm a crazy hair I'm mute
guys I'm weird I'm sorry